Question 4): Search for "Fire"

	For answering this prompt for you, the only thing I could think of is to describe why, from when I started playing games when I was 5 or 6 to today, I am still glued to the video game industry.  Ok, granted, at 5 or 6, I will admit that I wasn't glued to the video game industry due to the fact that I only cared about the "fun" aspect of the game.  I mean, why else would a five year old play a game, but to have fun.  The first games I played were on the Nintendo Entertainment System, which I have somehow persuaded my parents to never get rid of throughout my time in the house.  Like many, my first introduction was a mario game, though i fondly remember the trifecta compilation of Super Mario Bros., Duck Hunt, and Track & Field, for which using the mat was awesome yet it ultimately devolved to me using my hands to hit the pad to beat cheetah.  Suffice to say, games have been a part of my life since then, as I have always wanted to continue with the new games coming out.  I don't need to count off all the systems I own, since I'm sure you might get that from a lot of people, so I just counted them up: 6 home consoles, 10 handheld systems, PC gamer, and now include iphone because that has become standard today.  

	Why I am still glued to the video game industry today is because of what I find to be the most exciting potential of video games, and that is for the most engrossing, immersive story compared to all other forms of media.  Its the same immersion into a story I've felt at times when playing games when I was younger.  An example should help get my point across.  I am a big James Bond fan, and this all started with the arrival of Goldeneye to theaters in 1995.  I had never before seen Bond, and I immediately became a fan.  So when I first pick-up the classic Goldeneye for the N64, I couldn't wait to be in  Bond's shoes.  I wanted to be stealthy, quiet, go around without making a lot of ruckus so as to act like a spy, like James Bond.  Of course, once my friends and I started playing its multiplayer, that changed pretty fast.  But what has stuck with me was that immersive factor of wanting to play the game like a spy.  

	A common trend is to allow for multiple routes within games so that the gamers can choose their own path for how they want to play the game, and subsequently, they're character will grow in certain aspects that are to help that specific experience (action-rpgs, etc.).  I'm interested in what Dues Ex: Human Revolution will offer in this context, because it seems like they want to allow those different paths, but make it subtler, so that the players aren't given a blatant option of "be stealthy this way" or "open fire this way."  I know that is a harsh generalization, but I believe that video games can allow for the most immersive experience in any form of story telling.  It's the ability of video games to tell a story while immersing the player so that, when done well, they feel like they are in the story.  They feel more for their character, the characters around them, and what is happening in the world created.  Having no way to show it, I carry around a small blue notebook type thing that I write ideas down in, whether story based, game ideas, setting, etc.  Anything that comes to my mind, I jot it down, so as not to forget it.  

	Also, a while ago, I created a sort of flow chart in which I mapped out, based on what I believed, ultimately derived video games, based on previous media forms.  Though it has no academic backing in anyway, its how I try to describe the importance/influence video games can have as a medium to others, especially those who aren't gamers/thing games "turn your brain to mush" (that might just be a Minnesota thing…).  Essentially, I try to explain where games developed from, and how they are a natural evolution in storytelling.  Sadly, this has not always been to a great success rate.  Anyways, I've attached said flow chart below for you to look at.  Hope it has a creative quality to you!



/Users/michaelhantho/Desktop/VideoGameOrigins/Slide1.jpg