Brief Bio:
	Hello IGN! My name is Michael Hantho, and I am a recent grad from Carleton College with a BA in History, focusing specifically on Modern European history.  I also have a fair amount of experience with economics, as I took 6 classes worth during my four years of school.  I was also on the golf team for four years, captaining it this past year.  I love music and movies, along with any pick up sport(especially basketball), and am more than willing to enjoy conversations with anyone (meaning I can and sometimes do talk a lot).  I could say I try read a book a month, but I don't think I can maintain that success rate, but I do enjoy reading, with Kurt Vonnegut being a favorite.  Games also take up a fair amount of my time, with me dabbling in everything from consoles to casual games online (like Facebook).  
	


Previous Work:
	This past summer, I worked as an Admission Fellow at Carleton, in which my main task was interviewing prospective students and subsequently writing usually a page's worth of notes and my thoughts about their interests and whether they would fit well at Carleton.  There were also various projects within the office that I worked on, such as mailers and giving tours of the campus to these visiting students and their families.  Prior to that, I've worked as an intern for my dad's consulting group, which basically culminated in me doing his tax work and expense reports, which are tons of fun, as I'm sure you know.  I also interned with a company called ARA Content, in which I helped connect them to other websites when they were first moving their product online in efforts to jump start their online services.  I've also been known to paint the occasional house, shingle a couple of roofs, and build a shed or too (which, if you didn't know, are perfect skills for working inside and office, for unknown reasons that even I can't explain).  I would also like to mention that I, for the last two years, have volunteered on the committee at Carleton for running the annual fundraising event at Carleton where students call for donations and write thank you for scholarships and donations of the previous year.  I've mainly worked on advertising with this committee while also working on what incentives should be used to attract students (prizes, food), and this year was the most successful year in the history of the school for student participation. 